C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping
C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\testhost.exe
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.deps.json
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.pdb
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesConta.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\bin\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesConta.pdb
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\OperacoesContaTest.dll
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.pdb
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\OperacoesContaTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Projetos_Estudos\Desenvolvedor_io\Fundamentos de Arquitetura de Software\SOLID\MovimentacaoBancaria\OperacoesContaTest\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\OperacoesContaTest.dll
